Easter is coming up on April 5th this
year and I will be sharing with you what
is in my daughter's Easter basket so I
will also link last year's basket in my
description box below in case you want
to see that four different ideas I
usually get a little assortment of candy
as well as a couple little fun toys and
things like that
fungus has a lot of really great and fun
candy available and so I picked up two
of these gummy packs from home goods and
I really like the packaging they're
actually great for arranging the Easter
basket because they're tall and skinny
and these are things that she always
goes straight for any time we go to a
bulk candy store and then this year at
world market I grabbed one glass bottle
of orange cream soda I thought that
would be a really fun addition to the
Easter basket and also from world market
I grabbed this pack of ten milk
chocolate bunnies I thought this would
be fun this year to hide some of the
bunnies around the house instead of just
doing a ton of Easter eggs so we might
do a couple of like fun Easter eggs or
you like the golden one of course but
then I think we also might do these
bunnies instead of so many eggs and then
I go to Target for the rest of the candy
which is really great because I only
have one child and so this helps me to
prevent buying like bags and bags of
candy because they have a little section
where you can get each of these items
for a dollar so I got a little bag of
starbursts jelly beans I also might go
back for more of these mini Cadbury eggs
because my daughter really really likes
those also I got a box of sour patch
bunnies peeps of course they have a
little box of those you get four little
peeps in a box
and then the Reese's Pieces and the
carrot bag and a Nestle Crunch
Michaels has these my little pony
stuffed animals right now my location
has them on clearance for $7.99 versus
full price at $20 they also have all of
the ponies which is really nice and
these are a good size there I would say
they're medium-sized they're not like
the small teeny tiny ones but they're
not like the huge overstuffed My Little
Ponies that's not practical for them to
drag around so if you have a My Little
Pony fan definitely check those out at
Michaels also I got one of these tiny
bubble bubbles and these are really fun
because they don't pop supposedly and I
went with the tiny one which ends up
being about the size of a normal ball
but they do have one that's really large
that blows up to like three feet in size
so that's going to be a lot of fun and
that also comes in a variety of colors
now behind it I have these flamingos
flingers and they also come in rubber
chickens as well I picked these up at
world market and basically your kids can
just put them on their fingers and fling
them around so I thought those were
pretty fun it's called fun it's kind of
like play-doh and it's from lush so this
is really great for kids overall I'm not
like a huge lush fan I don't buy a lot
of products there but this is one thing
that I will go back for over and over so
last year we got a pink can't eat candy
scented bar and basically you break off
just a teeny tiny piece of this maybe
like a quarter size you rub it between
your hands under the running water and
your kids will have a ton of bubbles
this friends around $7 but it lasts a
long time so it's well worth the money
it staples I picked up one of these ever
after high notebooks my daughter's
always coloring and drawing and these
are actually on clearance for $0.50 and
then I got her another pack of her
favorite mechanical pencils which are
really great for kids because these are
a little bit larger they're triangular
in shape so they're easy for them to
hold and also the lead